Update index.md Bas document changes (#606)
HL7/fhircast-docs: input/pagecontent/index.md

{% include img.html img="colorful overview diagram.png" caption="Figure: FHIRcast Overview" %}

By convention a driving application is the application which directs the context (for example, by opening and closing context).  The driving application could be an EHR, a PACS, a worklist, or any other clinical workflow system.  A driving application may or may not launch other applications; to launch other applications the driving application may use the [SMART App Launch](https://hl7.org/fhir/smart-app-launch) mechanism.  As part of a [SMART App Launch](https://hl7.org/fhir/smart-app-launch), an application requests appropriate [FHIRcast OAuth 2.0 scopes](2-2-FhircastScopes.html) and receives the location of the Hub and a unique `hub.topic` session identifier.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

{% include img.html img="colorful overview diagram.png" caption="Figure: FHIRcast Overview" %}

> By convention a driving application is the application which opens/changes a context.  The driving application could be an EHR, a PACS, a worklist, or any other clinical workflow system.  A driving application may or may not launch other applications; to launch other applications the driving application may use the [SMART App Launch](https://hl7.org/fhir/smart-app-launch) mechanism.  As part of a [SMART App Launch](https://hl7.org/fhir/smart-app-launch), an application requests appropriate [FHIRcast OAuth 2.0 scopes](2-2-FhircastScopes.html) and receives the location of the Hub and a unique `hub.topic` session identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By convention a driving application is the application which directs the context (for example, by opening and closing context).  The driving application could be an EHR, a PACS, a worklist, or any other clinical workflow system.  A driving application may or may not launch other applications; to launch other applications the driving application may use the [SMART App Launch](https://hl7.org/fhir/smart-app-launch) mechanism.  As part of a [SMART App Launch](https://hl7.org/fhir/smart-app-launch), an application requests appropriate [FHIRcast OAuth 2.0 scopes](2-2-FhircastScopes.html) and receives the location of the Hub and a unique `hub.topic` session identifier.

```
